
When we are to inspect a firm, we see that firm's "Structured Business Plan".   The business plan may start with a good description of the company, so we know whether it provides a service or product. 
And then it shows us information about "operational management", "financial management",  and so on. 
For example, if we were to consider a software firm, let's say SerraTech, the outlook would go on like this:
1. Business Plan:
 a. Executive Summary: Basic information about SerraTech, why there is such a firm, and what it sell.
      It sells software products.
      SerraTech is a software company that mainly focuses on software which are helpful for humanity. Its mission is to empower people as well as the software market by providing humanist solutions to the                
      problems that cause inequality. 
b. Company Description: 
      SerraTech is a company that was assembled in 2012 in İstanbul, Turkey. SerraTech provided and sold lots of products such as an "automated subtitle tool for deaf people ", and an "automated voice                     
      description tool for blind people". SerraTech is achieving more and more growth in the industry every year. It reached 2.4 billion user in total products. There are 203 employees in total.
c. Operation Management:
      Operation management is measured in lots of aspects, for project planning there is used an agile methodology and the company is divided into small teams of 5. For capacity planning budged planned by the       
      finance department is used effectively and realistically considering future improvements. For supply chain management, this company follows a neat methodology and puts the true product to the app market       
      at a true time considering market opportunities. Older applications are still getting monitored and updated.
d. Finance:
   Capital Investment is measured. Return on Investment (ROI) is measured carefully and financial feasibility is achieved. The main expenses are employee wages and hardware needs. The good quality                  
   hardware is purchased and there are low maintenance expenses in the long run. A reasonable amount of employees are working and they gain a reasonable salary. This company got tax rallowence from the      
   government in return of public service.  
e. Management:
    Effective management is crucial for SerraTech since it is middle-range company that grows every year. Management is mainly established as team management, when it comes to the team of teams,                    
    there is the managers committee that is responsible for one manager. 
f.Law
    For regulatory compliance, there is a team of 3 lawyers that work with managers. They follow the liabilities such as taxes or lawful requirements of products.
2. Conclusion:
SerraTech is ready to expand it is range in the next years also covering the disadvantages of women and children. In summary, SerraTech is a company that covers disadvantages, gets moral satisfaction and 
financial support from the government. There is a strict team management model in this company. Employees work with agile methodology. This company is not costly. This company achieved feasibility like so. This company has proved itself in various projects and is confident about upcoming projects. 
